Java function app docs update: Multiple Jars is not officially supported (#123736)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-reference-java.md

You can use a shared [host.json](functions-host-json.md) file to configure the function app. Each function has its own code file (.java) and binding configuration file (function.json).

> You can put more than one function in a project. Avoid putting your functions into separate jars, as this scenario is not officially supported. The `FunctionApp` in the target directory is what gets deployed to your function app in Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have more than one function in a project. However, don't put your functions into separate jars. Using multiple jars in a single function app isn't supported. The `FunctionApp` in the target directory is what gets deployed to your function app in Azure.
```

Reviewer: @ffarinha-msft can you accept my suggestion?
